CHECKLIST.md, before:

# Checklist

## Event Information

Include this sections in your meetup event description:

- **🏢 Specific Location:** Address, Google Maps, Venue name and indications on how to get there are all important.
- **📚 Optional Readings:** Short articles or YouTube videos that serve as an introduction for the topics that speakers will talk about
- **💾 Environment Setup:** For practical exercises explain in great detail what tools need to be installed beforehand.
- **🚲 Parking/Bicycle friendly:** Let your attendees know if the building provides parking slots or places to left their bicycles.

## Before the event

### Logistics

- **🏢 Visit the location prior the event:** Make sure everything is working and that it fits the meetup's needs.
- **🔧 Understand the technical aspects of your auditorium:** Ask if you will have a technical assistant during the event, otherwise make sure you know how to handle all the technical difficulties you may encounter (wifi, sound, amplification, AC, projection, lights, microphone, keys to open the room, etc).
- **🎤 Get a wearable microphone:** Having your speaker write code and hold the microphone at the same time is tricky. Do your best to get a microphone that can be wore.
- **🕴 Get enough chairs:** Make sure you have plenty of chairs, you don't want to have people standing during your event.
- **🍪 Have a place for the snacks:** You will need a table, a few garbage cans and enough space for people to spare.
- **🔌 Power outlets:** Make sure there are enough power outlets near the stage, otherwise get an extension to be able to plug the presenter's laptop.
- **📺 Projection ports:** Ask your speaker about technical requirements, hopefully VGA and HDMI should be enough, otherwise find a way to get the proper converter.

### Talks

- **🤓 Validate your speaker's slides:** Not all experts know how to share their knowledge. Ask your speakers to submit their presentations before the event:
    - 👀 The font size should be big (especially for code), that way small screen projections can still be readable by the people in the back.
    - 😬 Code should not exceed 20 lines
    - 😇 Content should be kept neutral, non-violent, non-sexual, etc.
    - 😉 Talks should keep a balance between presenting information and diving deep into it, the former allows keeping the audience interested and the second challenges them to read further.
    - 😊 Complex or specific scenarios should be discussed offline.

## During the event

- **🔑 Project wifi credentials:** Before the event starts, project a slide with the wifi network and password such as **[this one](http://slides.com/jdjuan/angular-medellin#/)**.
- **⭐ Credit the people that have contributed:** Name publicly and thank those that opened issues, PRs or commented.
- **🍪 Have someone receive and place the snacks:** Make sure someone is in charge of getting the snacks on time.
- **😇 Talk to the audience often:** Make sure you ask your people if they are feeling ok, if temperature is ok, if they are understanding the contents (it's ok to interrupt the speaker), if there's in anything they want.
- **🙋 Asign responsibilities to people in the audience:** Giving tasks to people in the audience will make them feel valuable and involved. All the tasks should be credited:
    - **📷 Take Pictures:** Take pictures and send them to the organizers to publish them in the meetup page.
    - **👀 👂 Someone in the back:** Tell the organizer when the slides are not readable or the microphone amplification is not enough.
    - **💬 Take Notes:** Take notes of the questions asked by the audience (that remained unanswered) to resolve them the next time.
    - More to be defined
- **🕺 Make sure you give swag (if you have):** Not in all cases you will have swag, but if you do, don't forget to give it away, by either asking questions or with a raffle.
- **🤳 Take photos:** Photos are a great way to attract new members to participate, so make sure you take enough photos during the event.
- **🎥 Make a short video:** Make a video when you ask your audience if they are having a good time, those moments are memorable.
- **🎉 Afterparty:** A community is not made of meetups only, so pick a place and a time, and let everybody know that you will be there in case they want to hang out and drink a beer.

## After the event

- **✉ Send a closing email:** Thank everybody for attending, share some numbers (such as success rate), share a picture, and let them know what's the next step.
- **📲 Comment on meetup.com:** Some people don't get meetup.com emails so make sure you also post the email as a comment in the event.
- **📱 Share on social media:** Share photos and results in social media to attract newcomers.
- **📇 Make a retrospective:** List the things that went well, and those that went bad and make sure you fix them before next time.

Commit message:

docs: add workshops section to checklist

CHECKLIST.md, after:

# Checklist

## Before the event

### Information

Include this sections in your meetup event description:

- **🏢 Specific Location:** Address, Google Maps, Venue name and indications on how to get there are all important.
- **📚 Optional Readings:** Short articles or YouTube videos that serve as an introduction for the topics that speakers will talk about
- **💾 Environment Setup:** For practical exercises explain in great detail what tools need to be installed beforehand.
- **🚲 Parking/Bicycle friendly:** Let your attendees know if the building provides parking slots or places to left their bicycles.

### Sign up form

Don't forget to create a form to get a real insight of the number of people that is attending and the number of snacks required:

- **👉 Full Name**
- **📱 Phone number**
- **🍎 Food conditions:** This way you can know who is vegetarian o vegan

### Logistics

- **🏢 Visit the location prior the event:** Make sure everything is working and that it fits the meetup's needs.
- **🔧 Understand the technical aspects of your auditorium:** Ask if you will have a technical assistant during the event, otherwise make sure you know how to handle all the technical difficulties you may encounter (wifi, sound, amplification, AC, projection, lights, microphone, keys to open the room, etc).
- **🎤 Get a wearable microphone:** Having your speaker write code and hold the microphone at the same time is tricky. Do your best to get a microphone that can be wore.
- **🕴 Get enough chairs:** Make sure you have plenty of chairs, you don't want to have people standing during your event.
- **🍪 Have a place for the snacks:** You will need a table, a few garbage cans and enough space for people to spare.
- **🔌 Power outlets:** Make sure there are enough power outlets near the stage, otherwise get an extension to be able to plug the presenter's laptop.
- **📺 Projection ports:** Ask your speaker about technical requirements, hopefully VGA and HDMI should be enough, otherwise find a way to get the proper converter.

### Talks

- **🤓 Validate your speaker's slides:** Not all experts know how to share their knowledge. Ask your speakers to submit their presentations before the event:
    - 👀 The font size should be big (especially for code), that way small screen projections can still be readable by the people in the back.
    - 😬 Code should not exceed 20 lines
    - 😇 Content should be kept neutral, non-violent, non-sexual, etc.
    - 😉 Talks should keep a balance between presenting information and diving deep into it, the former allows keeping the audience interested and the second challenges them to read further.
    - 😊 Complex or specific scenarios should be discussed offline.

### Workshops

- 📁 Create a document with environmental setup so all (not really, but at least most) of the attendees come with all the tools installed and ready.
- ⌨ Create a repository that holds all the code that will be written during the workshop. Creating branches to denote every step makes it easier for the attendees to fully understand the differences between steps. Use numbers to name the branches.
- 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Ask members of the community for help prior to the workshop. The should serve as assistants when any of the attendees is stuck in the process. They should be contacted at least two weeks before the event, so they can study the contents and be ready to help.

## During the event

- **🔑 Project wifi credentials:** Before the event starts, project a slide with the wifi network and password such as **[this one](http://slides.com/jdjuan/angular-medellin#/)**.
- **⭐ Credit the people that have contributed:** Name publicly and thank those that opened issues, PRs or commented.
- **🍪 Have someone receive and place the snacks:** Make sure someone is in charge of getting the snacks on time.
- **😇 Talk to the audience often:** Make sure you ask your people if they are feeling ok, if temperature is ok, if they are understanding the contents (it's ok to interrupt the speaker), if there's in anything they want.
- **🙋 Asign responsibilities to people in the audience:** Giving tasks to people in the audience will make them feel valuable and involved. All the tasks should be credited:
    - **📷 Take Pictures:** Take pictures and send them to the organizers to publish them in the meetup page.
    - **👀 👂 Someone in the back:** Tell the organizer when the slides are not readable or the microphone amplification is not enough.
    - **💬 Take Notes:** Take notes of the questions asked by the audience (that remained unanswered) to resolve them the next time.
    - More to be defined
- **🕺 Make sure you give swag (if you have):** Not in all cases you will have swag, but if you do, don't forget to give it away, by either asking questions or with a raffle.
- **🤳 Take photos:** Photos are a great way to attract new members to participate, so make sure you take enough photos during the event.
- **🎥 Make a short video:** Make a video when you ask your audience if they are having a good time, those moments are memorable.
- **🎉 Afterparty:** A community is not made of meetups only, so pick a place and a time, and let everybody know that you will be there in case they want to hang out and drink a beer.

## After the event

- **✉ Send a closing email:** Thank everybody for attending, share some numbers (such as success rate), share a picture, and let them know what's the next step.
- **📲 Comment on meetup.com:** Some people don't get meetup.com emails so make sure you also post the email as a comment in the event.
- **📱 Share on social media:** Share photos and results in social media to attract newcomers.
- **📇 Make a retrospective:** List the things that went well, and those that went bad and make sure you fix them before next time.
