COMMUNITY-PROJECTS.md, before:

# 💼 Community Projects 💼

In Angular Medellín we are eager to do more practical stuff 🙋, we want our members to get their hands dirty (🖐💩) on projects, apps, OSS, among others! 🔥 

The following is a list of projects on the roadmap:

| Project             | Status          | Complexity | Issue | People Involved     |
| --------------------|---------------|:----------:|-------|:---------------------:|
| 📋 Meetup Form      | ✅ In progress | Small      | [#30] | [@danielcb29], [@alejandronanez], [@Shinkei], [@jdjuan]
| ♿ Accessible Meetup| ✅ In progress | Medium     | [#25] | [@teffcode], [@jdjuan]
| 📬 Newsletter       | ⏰ Not started | Medium     | [#16] | -
| 📢 Blog             | ⏰ Not started | High       | [#34] | -
| 💻 Website          | ⏰ Not started | High       |       | -

I know what you are thinking right now: *"I want to participate"*, right? 😏

Not a ~number(NaN)~ problem! Just **click** the issue number, **read** the thread and **put** a comment saying you want to be part of it! 💪

## Have another project idea?

Damn! That's hot 🔥, we got you! Just submit an issue, select the option: "Community Project" and tell us what is it about! There's always a lot of people willing to work on it! 👌

[#30]: https://github.com/angular-medellin/meetup/issues/30
[#25]: https://github.com/angular-medellin/meetup/issues/25
[#16]: https://github.com/angular-medellin/meetup/issues/16
[#34]: https://github.com/angular-medellin/meetup/issues/34
[@Shinkei]: https://github.com/Shinkei
[@alejandronanez]: https://github.com/alejandronanez
[@danielcb29]: https://github.com/danielcb29
[@jdjuan]: https://github.com/jdjuan
[@teffcode]: https://github.com/teffcode11

Commit message:

docs: add description to community projects

COMMUNITY-PROJECTS.md, after:

# 💼 Community Projects 💼

In Angular Medellín we are eager to do more practical stuff 🙋, we want our members to get their hands dirty (🖐💩) on projects, apps, OSS, among others! 🔥 

You want to participate? 😏 Not a ~number(NaN)~ problem! Just **click** the issue number, **read** the thread and **put** a comment saying you want to be part of it! 💪

| Project             | Status          | Complexity | Issue | Progress     |
| --------------------|-----------------|:----------:|-------|:------------:|
| 📋 Meetup Form      | ✅ In progress | Small      | **[#30]** |   10%
| ♿ Accessible Meetup| ✅ In progress | Medium     | **[#25]** |   20%
| 📬 Newsletter       | ⏰ Not started | Medium     | **[#16]** | -
| 📢 Blog             | ⏰ Not started | High       | **[#34]** | -
| 💻 Website          | ⏰ Not started | High       |       | -

## 📋 Meetup Form 📋

Let's create an Angular Application to manage the sign up process of the community meetups, it should send a confirmation email so attendees can know for sure it they are registered. 

### ❤️️ Credits ❤️️

Thanks to these wonderful people: [@danielcb29], [@alejandronanez], [@Shinkei], [@jdjuan], [@alvaromartinez986] 

## ♿ Accessible Meetup ♿

Let's gather up as many strategies as we can to make Angular Medellín an accessible space for people with disabilities (visual impairment and hearing loss).

### ❤️️ Credits ❤️️

Thanks to these wonderful people:  [@teffcode], [@jdjuan], [@MelinaMejia95] 

## Have another project idea?

Damn! That's hot 🔥, we got you! Just submit an issue, select the option: "Community Project" and tell us what is it about! There's always a lot of people willing to work on it! 👌

[#30]: https://github.com/angular-medellin/meetup/issues/30
[#25]: https://github.com/angular-medellin/meetup/issues/25
[#16]: https://github.com/angular-medellin/meetup/issues/16
[#34]: https://github.com/angular-medellin/meetup/issues/34
[@Shinkei]: https://github.com/Shinkei
[@alejandronanez]: https://github.com/alejandronanez
[@danielcb29]: https://github.com/danielcb29
[@jdjuan]: https://github.com/jdjuan
[@teffcode]: https://github.com/teffcode11
[@MelinaMejia95]: https://github.com/MelinaMejia95
[@alvaromartinez986]: https://github.com/alvaromartinez986
